Add more documentation (#453)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: docs/user/docs/projects/models/backups/setup.md

 ~ SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright DB Netz AG and the capella-collab-manager contributors
 ~ SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
 -->

# Setup a backup for a TeamForCapella model

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    You need to have the Administrator or Project Lead role for the specific
    project to perform the following steps.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! danger

>     Models are not automatically backed up! Please make sure to set up a nightly backup for productive and important content.

Author: Do you want to have the `a` removed as well? 

```suggestion
    Models are not automatically backed up! Please make sure to set up nightly backups for important content.
```

> We offer the feature to create a backup from any TeamForCapella repository to any Git repository. These can be triggered manually or can be executed every night at around 3pm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer a feature to create a backup from any TeamForCapella repository to any Git repository. These can be triggered manually or nightly at around 3pm.
```

is it "manually or nightly" or "manually and nightly"?

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

1. Navigate to `Projects`
1. Select the relevant project
1. Make sure that you have added at least one TeamForCapella model (source) and
   at least one Git repository to the model (destination)
1. In the model overview, select the `Synchronize`-button

    ![Model overview](./model-overview.png)

1. You can see a list of all registered backup pipelines.
   In our case, there is not registered backup pipeline yet.

    ![Backup pipeline](./backups-overview.png)

1. Click on the `Plus`-icon on the top right and select the corresponding configuration.
   You have to select a Git model (source) and a T4C model (destination).

    ![Create a backup pipeline](./create-pipeline.png)

>     !!! Bug

Reviewer: Is this really a bug? I think it's more like a warning.

The "Include commit history" does only deal with the new commits to the T4C repo or is it working it's way through the whole repo history?
